Sorry, sorry.
I am also a victim
The medical malpractice.
What medical malpractice?
You know 100,000
What did you just say?
It seems that Mr. Rong still doesn't know what I got in exchange
Mr. Rong, I am your employee.
Miss Shen is your fiancee
Just met a trick
Press it into my hand first and beg for it
I didn't mean to.
Hey, brother, what's wrong with your mouth?
What's up?
Let's get down to business.
That Miss Shen has been sent to Volcano
Listen to grandpa
You from the sperm bank
Take my sperm out for artificial life?
Brother Rong
I will give birth to this child well
Go in and check again.
Lowly thing
You dare to talk about my child's problem.
Can you take responsibility?
Brother Rong
Can we go to a more familiar hospital for examination?
What are you
Go to a familiar hospital to give you a chance to check
Mr. Zhao took him in
Wait for him to break his branches
Brother Dragon
I lied to grandpa
But also because the surgery failed
I'm afraid my grandfather will be sad at the old man's house
What surgery failed?
With unhealthy gold
Our true grandson
Hurry up and get married to Wanzi, maybe
Maybe your gold is already active.
Can conceive naturally
Grandpa, we'll go and we won't say a word
What not to get married
How can you have a real grandson if you don't get married?
From now on I tell you
If there is no real grandson
I will die to show you
president
I'm shocked by who?
It's just that I was mistaken by the doctor
The master knows what a girl is
I am also a victim
That's medical malpractice
This is the infirmary he belongs to
Bring someone to find him at night
Qiao An bravely told Brother Long
Wait for me.